[Music]
hi everyone welcome to the kitchen today
I'm going to show you a delicious cake
recipe it's a lemon curd and blueberry
loaf cake
[Music]
so what you're going to need is 200
grams of self-raising flour 175 grams of
golden caster sugar 175 grams of soft
butter 170 grams of blueberries to
thousands of lemon curd hundred grams of
Greek yogurt 3 eggs and a fresh lemon so
all you need to do it just place
everything in the bowl let's give it a
whirl
lemon toilet toilet sprays my eggs into
a bowl cool thing too just in case you
get any make sure
[Music]
my name's Esther just set up just the
top layer of the Klondike topsoil plot
for lemon and what's just to very gently
make sure you don't get any of the way
to think about can be a bit bitter so
you add zest a whole lemon but keep this
lemon cause we're going to use it at the
end for the lovely icing and my blue is
actually gonna go in once the butters
mixed up so I'm just gonna now mix it
together
I've on electric quick you can do it
with an electric lease or a stand mixer
all just by having a wooden spoon so I'm
just going to mix it all together until
it comes with one factor
[Music]
we go into a lovely smooth so now I've
got my
[Music]
[Applause]
sixteen break it up and I'm gonna bake
that for about an hour and ten minutes
around 15 you just wanna make sure it's
completely cooked through so really test
it in a sense that should come up thing
that's going in my life has cooled down
I have to get up the oven a couple of
hours though and left it to cool in the
tin I've stopped it on a plate now it's
trying to click like and then I keep it
really pretty so I've got 20 40 grams of
sifted icing sugar and the juice from
that lemon that I save and I'm also
going to use a few edible flowers just
to decorate this whole really simple I'm
just going to stir it together spread it
so I'm just going to add the lemon juice
and little by little you only just need
to make sure it just comes to a nice
consistency so it sticks and it will
generally pour over the top of these
okay not too runny gradually just give a
little stir
and say the devices people begin to
develop just a few drops at a time
[Music]
never heard and blue below dee-licious
well I hope you enjoy watching that and
have you baked your own and if you do
share pictures and use the hashtag stay
safe get fatigued by
[Music]